woz is a 20-19 Netflix animated
Christmas film written and directed by
Sergio Pablos it serves as a fictional
origin story for Santa Claus and the
plot revolves around a postman stationed
in a town to the north who befriends a
reclusive toymaker Claus
welcome to the Amagi in today's video
we're going to recap the Netflix film
Claus before we begin
we publish new content every week so be
sure to subscribe to our Channel and
ring the bell to get notified about our
latest videos the protagonist of the
movie Jesper comes from a wealthy family
in the postal business and is a selfish
brat with no life ambitions whatsoever
when his father puts him into the Postal
Academy he deliberately distinguishes
himself as the Academy's worst student
so his father stations him on an island
above the Arctic Circle with the
ultimatum that if he doesn't post 6,000
letters in a year he will be cut off
from the family after Jesper is brought
to the islands town of smear ins berg by
a sarcastic ferry boat skipper it
gradually becomes clear that the town
consists of two feuding families who
hardly exchanged words let alone letters
trying to find a way to post letters
from the town Jesper notices on the map
in his office a far-off little
establishment there he discovers a
reclusive woodsman named Klaus with a
skill of woodworking and a house with
lots of handmade toys Jesper is about to
finally give up when unexpected events
unfold that give him the idea of having
Klaus donate his toys to the town kids
who had asked for them and who by doing
so would send letters Klaus agrees to
Jespers proposal of donating the toys
provided the deliveries will be at night
so that he can accompany Jesper on them
when Jesper finds out many of the kids
can't write he sends them to miss Alva a
teacher who Jesper met on his first day
in town the increasingly developing
actions of Jesper and Klaus delivering
of toys becomes the talk of the town
kids with a nature of said actions
making them believe Klaus is not only
solely responsible but that he also has
certain magical qualities including
entering homes through the chimney in
complete silence and riding a flying
sleigh powered by reindeer
Jesper tells the kids that Klaus would
not give toys to bad kids knowing when
children are misbehaving the children's
attitudes change because of this and
their acts of kindness inspire the other
towns folk to do
same eventually Jesper and Klaus begin
to run out of toys to give the children
so Jesper suggests they only give toys
on Christmas one day
Klaus tells Jesper about his wife Lydia
he explains how they plan to have many
children and he made the toys they have
been giving away for them while they
waited but they were never able to have
children and Lydia eventually got sick
and died Klaus expresses how happy
Jesper has made him in their mission to
spread joy to the children and agrees to
Jespers Christmas plan they soon receive
help from a small community of kind Sami
people to fulfill the plan beyond
Jespers and Klaus plan the heads of the
town's feuding families agree to stop
Jesper and Klaus to preserve their
tradition of their centuries long feud
they come up with a plan that involves
making just believe by using his past
against him
Jesper however ultimately makes his
decision final to stay in smear UNS Berg
and proceeds to do everything he can to
stop the family heads from destroying
the toys though his efforts are
seemingly futile in the end however
Klaus and alva had already known what
was coming and made preparations to foil
the plan replacing the toys with wooden
decoys not only that but Jasper's
actions had caused events that made the
families find themselves as in-laws as
things in smear ins Berg keep getting
better
Jesper and Klaus continue delivering
presents on Christmas with their
operation expanding further and further
as time continues on then on the 12th
year Klaus suddenly disappears without a
trace joining his departed wife
Jesper in Alva get married and have two
children together and every Christmas
Eve Jesper gets to see the spirit of his
friend as he continues to deliver toys
to kids around the world did you enjoy
our video be sure to check out these
other great videos from the Amagi and
make sure to subscribe and ring the bell
to be notified about our latest videos